metallica of 2012
let's use a control oil
of type 20 w 50 how to use this
Two liter bottle to pour oil
to see how it's done here we have
this from here to the cut to an order
of liters let's remove the screw that
it's down here
exactly the screw in die 11 16
because we do not have a die 17 then
it depends on how you put it with the side
then and if it is that we have if we do not go
to use americas keys we are going to
make it good the first thing that has to be done
to do is put in its right place
almost under the screw we're going to do
put one while to put the
hand and unscrew leader we have it to
point to leave points to be loose
let's move the tray for this side
to be able to drop everything while being tedious
but then once you do it before
grab practice
here it would be a little bit the screw that
I wanted to hold the camera in a while
grab the screw
do not
and it already comes out with the hand we hope not
stain the many everything although here is
very important to take care of the orientation of the
bit that comes out a filter is not
between the spring this reaches to see
and it continues to drain
It's our little filter that we have
take care
clean also very well
this spring we also have to
look after
Do not miss us
once we have our things
neat and clean
our ties our resort in our
stopper we will continue to put them for
then put the oil on the part of
up the oil is going to put on this
part once and put the cap
below but here we are going to put
our in grace the top part
then we have nothing to cover
our con icomos kid of the art res
down and then our filter was going
up
well here already after struggling a
little with the spring then everything
putting what
good and in this part after having
cleaned the entire area here from the
nut all the leftovers of oil that
they were outside and we cleaned well all
together back and we will proceed to
pour the liter of oil then in this
part let's grab a piece of paper
we are going to open the oil with this not
had to cut out we 're going to use the
Funnel here is very accurate
and show our oil
ah
i
you do not have to already have our
cover this was accurate
in this way we conclude this
video I hope you have served
ah